#summary Detailed description of implementation

= C++ Component =

There was one C++ component that was created, and one that had to be abadoned due to implementation issues.

=== Preferences Component ===

The C++ Component is used for managing preferences.  This component uses the nsIPrefsService to store two preferences the folder path and whether to generate multiple files.  The nsiPrefsService ensures that these preferences persist through multiple runs of the extension.  They can be viewed through Firefox's about:config command.  The interface with this component is handled through prefs_manager.js.

=== Failed CSS Stealer Component ===

This component was originally planned to also handle the retrieval of the CSS data.  However, there were numerous problems encountered during the development of this component that made it impossible.  The first being the difficulty to get arrays to make the round-trip for C++ to Javascript.  After finally managing to get the arrays to work, it was discovered that there was no XPCOM equivalent interface for the CSS Stylesheets JavaScript interface.  Once this fact was discovered, there was no possible way to use a component and retrieve the necessary CSS data.  Since this extension is a CSS stealer, there was no part of implementation that could have been done in the component.  

= JavaScript =

There are three JavaScript files that perform the majority of the CSS Stealer's functions.  

=== domListingFunctions.js ===

The domListingFunctions.js is the file that traverses through the page loaded in the browser and builds a dialog window showing how the page is structured and where all of the CSS elements are being used.  The parseNodes is the primary driver of the DOM listing.  It gets the browser data and sends it to the displayNodes method.  The displayNodes method is a recursive method that builds an indented string of HTML that describes the current page's structure.  After displayNodes is finished, parseNodes calls createWindow.  The createWindow method calls writeToFile, which creates an HTML file with the displayNodes data.  Then createWindow opens this file.

This file does not handle any user input.  The parseNodes method is called at the beginning of the CSS Stealer's initialization and never again.

=== 

= Firefox Extension =